Fixed #33764 deprecate make_random_password (#15752)
django/django: docs/topics/auth/customizing.txt

    .. method:: models.BaseUserManager.make_random_password(length=10, allowed_chars='abcdefghjkmnpqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHJKLMNPQRSTUVWXYZ23456789')

>         .. deprecated:: 4.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        .. deprecated:: 4.2

```

>             The ``make_random_password`` method is deprecated and will be
>             removed in Django 5.0 as it's not used by Django and the generated
>             passwords don't comply with ``AUTH_PASSWORD_VALIDATORS``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            The ``make_random_password`` method is deprecated and will be
            removed in Django 5.1.
```
Not sure we need to go into the details of why we are deprecating it :) That might be misleading for the purpose of the auth docs.
